Shawn Phalen: Hey. Hey.
Alex Mancini: How are you
Shawn Phalen: I'm good, how are you doing
Good.
Tell me what's been going on since we spoke last
Alex Mancini: Obviously not a lot
Alex Mancini: No, no. Very good. Yeah, really good.
Shawn Phalen: Really good.
Alex Mancini: Relationships have gotten better with people that I kind of lost touch with and
Alex Mancini: Yeah, that's the main one.
Alex Mancini: So you're feeling pretty solid in your sobriety. Yeah, very
Alex Mancini: Very
Alex Mancini: Account. Right. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Yeah, I thought because last time when I because I did it without Suboxone the last time and the cravings were terrible. And it just like that mental kind of withdrawal never went away.
Alex Mancini: And not having that this time has been really, really nice. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: And then how are the groups going for you. Good, I switched from what I was doing the nine o'clock group and I switched to the 1130 group the nine o'clock group was all men.
Alex Mancini: And then the 1130 group was all woman. Women and I felt like I was able to like talk more when it wasn't men and
Alex Mancini: So I asked Dr. Moses, Moses, if I could switch. And he said, yeah, so I switched. And that's gotten a lot better and then trying to follow through on like action steps I've been trying to do that. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Like what, what's an example.
Alex Mancini: Like, one of them is for me to find a sponsor.
Alex Mancini: And I've been kind of like talking to somebody about doing that.
Alex Mancini: One of my best friend's dad. He got sober like nine years ago and he's kind of like been like a second father to me type deal. So I was thinking about asking him to be a sponsor.
Shawn Phalen: And are you so are you going to a a or na
Shawn Phalen: Hey. Hey.
Yeah. Okay. How many meetings are you going to a week.
Shawn Phalen: And is that, is it a your home group like a meeting that you go to consistently.
Yeah.
Alex Mancini: I think clover Dale.
Alex Mancini: Yeah, which is like 15 minutes north of me.
So you have
Shawn Phalen: How long have you been doing
Alex Mancini: That specific one. The first time I went to. It was last year.
Alex Mancini: But on a consistent basis for
Alex Mancini: About a month or so.
Shawn Phalen: So you're obviously comfortable there, right.
Yeah.
Alex Mancini: And are you able to speak and then meetings or do you just listen. Like, am I allowed to speak. Is that what you mean. Oh yeah, he's not really, I'm not really
Alex Mancini: I'm not a big talker.
Right.
Shawn Phalen: So when you're in the groups to share
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Okay.
Alex Mancini: Okay, for the most part, I do. Yes.
Alex Mancini: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So it might be something you want to consider working up to when you're in the meetings, there's something that happens.
Alex Mancini: Is trying to share. Yes, or something that
Shawn Phalen: When you start sharing, you start obviously telling you're
Alex Mancini: Right.
Shawn Phalen: You're putting it out there and you're
It's hard to just like I don't know how to really describe it, but it's
Shawn Phalen: When you start sharing like that you become a part of a
Alex Mancini: Group. Yeah. And that grit. Right. Okay. And so
Shawn Phalen: When you do that and you meet more people
Alex Mancini: You can be you know more small rice is you know you can. Okay, so I encourage you to start trouble. Okay.
Alex Mancini: So that's also another
Shawn Phalen: action step that you
Alex Mancini: Take and then obviously, the other one is, is finding the
Alex Mancini: Right.
Alex Mancini: See I had never. The first time I didn't really work the steps.
Alex Mancini: And then like I've done the first and second, this time.
Alex Mancini: So, yeah.
Alex Mancini: Okay, good.
Shawn Phalen: So you said your relationships.
Better
Alex Mancini: Yeah so well friends and family like I my niece is older than I am. She's 26 going to be 27
Alex Mancini: She and I are like brother and sister, and then we I kind of just like I disappeared on like a lot of people when I started to get clean, just because will towards the end of my use and then starting to get clean, just because I didn't want to like drag people down with me what I mean.
Alex Mancini: So I just kind of separated myself from a lot of people
Alex Mancini: And then over the last couple weeks I've been trying to
Alex Mancini: work my way back to life in general.
Shawn Phalen: Last time I spoke, you're not working right.
Alex Mancini: No, no, Mama.
Alex Mancini: Oh, you've had to quit your job, remember that. Right. Yes. Okay. And right now, you don't have any plans to go back to work. Right, not for the next couple months. Do you have something pending legally. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: I probably going to get like 30 days in jail. And then like I think 30 to 60 days and you know residential program.
Alex Mancini: I find out more tomorrow so
Alex Mancini: Tomorrow, no I meet with my attorney tomorrow. And then of course next Thursday.
Again, what was the charge
Alex Mancini: Or what it is, is my. So my dad and I have always been really close. He gave me money.
Alex Mancini: sold the house gave me the money for it didn't want my sisters to know one of my sisters has power of attorney.
Alex Mancini: She found out about it and said that I stole the money.
Alex Mancini: So, yeah.
Alex Mancini: Yeah I know, because my dad. My dad always like doesn't want that. But because she has power of attorney for everything.
Alex Mancini: She could because after like this was after he gave me the money he was declared
Alex Mancini: I think that he was declared mentally incompetent because he had a stroke in 2014
Alex Mancini: And I took care of them for three years after the fact.
Alex Mancini: Anyways, they were doing another legal thing. And she got complete power of attorney over everything.
Alex Mancini: So she can make those decisions.
Alex Mancini: I've never, I've never had like a good relationship with my sisters and my brothers.
Biological
Alex Mancini: Dad 70 just turned 76 my mom just turned 50 53.4
Alex Mancini: So the age gap between my parents basically my age.
Shawn Phalen: Down.
Shawn Phalen: 76 know how is he. Oh.
Alex Mancini: I'm not that great.
Alex Mancini: We can't use like his left side at all.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah it sucks because you know your dad can't really come to your rescue then County. No.
Okay.
Alex Mancini: Folks situations but deal with it and move on.
Shawn Phalen: That a felony or can they be that
Alex Mancini: It'll be it'll be a felony. And then after like three years it will go away.
Alex Mancini: So it'll jump down to like a misdemeanor, it'll be gone. Wow.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. How are you feeling about all that. I mean, I know.
Alex Mancini: Exactly. You got to play with cards. You're dealt, most of what I was dealt so
Alex Mancini: Like 90 days total isn't very much time like I can get to 90 days go by like that, but
Shawn Phalen: So is the treatment program attached to this charge is it because you were under the influence.
Alex Mancini: No, no, I did, I did it separately.
Alex Mancini: And then, oh, you mean
Alex Mancini: Which one you mean the this program, or the one that I'm gonna have to do when you're gonna have to do is
Shawn Phalen: That
Alex Mancini: Attack. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Why, because they tested you or what happened.
Alex Mancini: No, because I told them that one I've initially got arrested. I went to jail. Like for that night. And they're like, are you gonna go into withdrawals and I was like, yes.
Alex Mancini: So they offered like I think that, well, like I said, I'll find out more tomorrow, but that is part of the offer is that instead of more jail time. I would be able to do a residential program.
Shawn Phalen: You have anything on you know
Well,
Alex Mancini: Yes and no. We're waiting, waiting. So the compressed it. I was in the parking lot of work and I was using them. And I saw him walking up. I saw these random guys walking up. I kind of threw it on the floorboard and shut the door.
Alex Mancini: And
Alex Mancini: I thought that I didn't realize who they were. At first I thought they were looking like for the office or something.
Alex Mancini: And then they said my name only got fuck So realize what was happening. But no, I didn't have anything when I got arrested as a founded on the scoreboard. No.
Alex Mancini: No found it.
Alex Mancini: Yeah.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Well, I mean, it seems like you're handling it. Well, I mean, I know you don't have a
Alex Mancini: Yeah exactly it. I can't get, like, obviously, it sucks, but just something you got to deal with. So
Alex Mancini: Is there any chance you get early release from the 30 days. I have no idea.
Alex Mancini: Like I said I would, I would know tomorrow. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Alright so what comes your meeting with your attorney.
Alex Mancini: 3pm tomorrow. I don't know where that's 3pm Pacific. Yeah.
Okay.
All right, well, you know,
Alex Mancini: What would we be able to meet like early next week.
Shawn Phalen: I can do on Monday, I can do seven o'clock.
Alex Mancini: Yeah, that's fine.
Alex Mancini: Just so that way. After I find out more tomorrow, I can kind of talk about that. Right.
Shawn Phalen: Now here's the other question that just came to me and
So, since you're on Suboxone
Alex Mancini: They don't like you can have Suboxone in jail. I don't know yet.
Alex Mancini: Yeah for Sonoma County it we I might be able to have it. If not, they have methadone in there. I don't really want to get on methadone, but
Alex Mancini: Having to do that for 30 days and then getting back on the Suboxone when I get out
Alex Mancini: It's a possibility. Well, okay. So here's the other thing now. Okay, so let's say they don't want this thing that you have a jail. Sorry. You might not know the answer to this.
Alex Mancini: Was the time period from the time you get released, they have to go into treatments. I don't know. Okay, that's another question because
Alex Mancini: I'm treatment programs will definitely let you have the Boston. Right. So the one I was talking to Azure acres today and I can be on Suboxone when I go in there.
Alex Mancini: So another thing I was going to talk to my attorney about tomorrow is seeing if I can do.
Alex Mancini: The residential first and then
Alex Mancini: Yeah. And then so that way if I do have to go to jail. I can like trying to get off of this box on through the residential program and then just go through the jail with out anything
Alex Mancini: And and get back on the Xbox. I want to get out.
Alex Mancini: That makes sense. It would be nice to. So when I am out, I would still have the spots on those like a crutch to getting back in a normal life.
Alex Mancini: Now,
I get it.
Alex Mancini: That you don't use when you're in jail. Exactly.
Alex Mancini: Reality is, there's a ton of time to drive. Oh yeah, right.
Shawn Phalen: So that you know that you just have to make sure that you're feeling
Alex Mancini: Strong like yeah cuz i mean if I do feel like I am going to use them. I would ask to be put on the method. But even with the methadone, you can still get fucking high
Alex Mancini: Sucks.
Alex Mancini: General, it sucks.
Shawn Phalen: Have you talked to the doctor about this at all.
Alex Mancini: No, I haven't. I wanted to talk to him like one on one. So when I meet with them on Monday, I was going to see if I can meet with him one on one.
Shawn Phalen: So do you think tomorrow you'll be able to kind of formulate a plan after you
Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Okay, so that's the goal when you meet with him, obviously, to get these questions answered question to answer them as formulate like what's the best approach or jail or rehab or rehab or jail jail was
So, um,
Shawn Phalen: You know like what order you can do it in
Alex Mancini: Right, exactly.
Alex Mancini: So okay in Sonoma County. You cannot have the box me in jail, but you can have methadone. No, it's not snowing County. I think my attorney was saying that he's talking to the DEA about letting me stay on the spokes on and in the jail because it's kind of a toss up for Sonoma County.
Alex Mancini: Which is kind of ridiculous if they wouldn't. I mean, that's just dumb. Yeah, I know. It just depends.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. Depends. Okay. All right, so you, you obviously have, you know, like your list of questions you meet. Ask your attorney and your peers. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Yeah.
Okay.
Alex Mancini: Mom. Okay. So then, all right, we'll meet will meet on the 24th at seven o'clock, and then I'm hopefully you'll have, you know, some answers. Yeah. And then we can just, you know, talk about that and
Alex Mancini: Whatever formulate a plan or whatever, you know, right.
Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Yeah, cuz like
Alex Mancini: I was thinking like if they do say that I can't be on Xbox and in the jail's thing about having Dr. Moses, saying that I need to stay on the spot zone, it would be recommended to do the treatment program for
Alex Mancini: And just see what, like I said, Oh, no, no more tomorrow, so hopefully
Alex Mancini: I can figure some things out. How many are you on
Alex Mancini: I take, I take 60 milligrams a day. How many times a day do you do that like two or three twice I do I take eight in the morning and then I take eight at night. Yeah. And then how much were you using for you went
Alex Mancini: Somewhere between seven and 1030 us
Alex Mancini: Today,
Alex Mancini: So between 203 hundred milligrams a day.
Okay, what happened right
Alex Mancini: Either way, so we'll get through this.
Okay, anything else you want to go over
Alex Mancini: Not at the moment, no. I mean, come on. Good. Okay. I'll see you next Monday, then that happens. Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Alex Mancini: Alright, thanks.